Update dtm changelog dates to 2025-07-31 09:47:05.901578 as version 1022.0.0 was released (#3590)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1022-0-0-upgraded-angular-and-web-sdk-versions.md

---
date: '2025-07-31'
title: Upgraded Angular and Web SDK versions
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-2215
version: 1022.0.0
---

> Angular has been upgraded to version 19.2.14 and the Web SDK to 1022.4.17. This change may impact plugins that rely on older versions of Angular or the Web SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Digital Twin Manager application has been upgraded to Angular 19.2.14 and Cumulocity Web SDK 1022.4.17, bringing improvements in performance, security, and platform compatibility. This upgrade is largely seamless with no UI changes; however, custom applications using dtm-plugins will need to update to the latest plugin versions when migrating to the latest Web SDK to ensure compatibility.

For more details, refer to the [announcement](https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/cumulocity-web-sdk-1022-0-0-release-angular-19-support-and-enhanced-login-experience/12364/3?utm_source=chatgpt.com)
```

Reviewer: @lara-c8y @srinath0707 I would like to propose the above changelog entry to make it clearer and easier for users to understand what has exactly changed
